hello everyone I'm Jericho from
human-computer interaction group in
Microsoft Research Asia nowadays in
Windows 8 modern UI the left house right
on your Start screen get you closer to
the things that matter most so it's only
allows user to receive Glines both
dynamic information from favorite apps
like that different ways to current a
live tile in these projects we design
the interactive tile which enables users
to manipulate the live tiles in an Enka
active way with touch gestures we aims
to provide a seamless experience in the
Start screen across all the Microsoft
devices let me introduce some details
all our designs through live demos now
you can see here's the live tiles in the
screen but what we did did I hear new
interface we can spend it is into this
view it's an interactive tile view so we
can see we can see the OE mail list here
as a notification center in this way we
utilize the interactive tile as the
notification dashboard of the
application this is one good example let
me show you the mail list for example I
want to get into the specific you vary
this email I can click on through it and
there actually go to that email in view
otherwise I can also go to another one
directly to that email
what's more here you can see this is our
new design desktop like interactive tile
so you can see even the clock and the
raining app in the desktop and also you
can see here oh the running programming
in the desktop model now is here that's
what amazing here because no imperius
time a lot of user feedback complained
that the new windows 8 stuff like make
the Windows desktop model and the new
modern UI is separately in tour now
bring them together in this task wing
you can see the older reigning program
here
and even you can go inside of each of
the program start right here in the
desktop model even you can get back to
see the others for example you can see
the Excel form factor directly into the
texture model accessed by the Start
screen
that's the Start screen of the desktop
model desktop life interactive tile so
in this kind of way we actually empower
the modern UI as the main entrance of
Windows next after this let's introduce
more exciting things here so in order to
enable parama tasking in the Start
screen we actually have this kind of
design to enable parallel tasks in
between the modern UI applications for
example if I attribute this whether you
can see the whole week of the weather we
can go through each of one to expand to
see different weather oh you can
directly jump into the four screen app
to see the more contents in the fourth
screen application but maybe it's too
much for you you can get back to see
only some of different kind of day of
the weather in the meanwhile you can
also see the highlights of news of the
day and also the finance news of the day
what's more you can also even play the
music when you are checking the
newspaper like I'd like that this is
your music playlist and you can also
expand this through this bar to see the
lyrics and play the music like that
so I've lived in music here you can do
more sing said I mean well you can also
start your calculator to do some
actually the things on the Start screen
you can do everything on the Start
screen now even you can take picture
capture the whole environment like that
you can capture - and they're actually
sure in the picture place so this is a
one feature of the pyramid asking the
start growing screen in the other ways
we have also another pyramid asking
through the intact hotel with the four
screen app or with the desktop or model
app let me show you here around in this
PC scenario so in this pcs in arrow I'm
going to show you another pair of
masking feature for the parallel tasking
we have one more feature here except the
multitasking between the cow so it also
makes the it happens between the
interactive towel and the full screen
app see here this isn't a desktop model
we can actually use the intact owl here
in a sidebar so the in can tell here in
the sidebar you can see this one is the
one driver onedrive since you can drag
the picture in the onedrive into the
file in the documents and directly show
the picture into the here you can add
any files through the interactive towel
in a sidebar who is the full screen app
so for the interactive towel we have
more benefit since here for example so
for the Windows Phone and the slaves in
those devices the third-party developer
just into denying one version of the
Windows Phone inter interface and then
directly switch down to the interactive
tile interface that saves more color for
the third-party developer so in this way
we can also leverage in tactile as the
wormhole through the windows devices for
example not only for the certain party
developers I'm Steve this kind of seems
directly from Windows Phone to the in
can tell but also for the users we have
other good benefits here for example if
the user want to check and reply the
information on the
like the Internet ow and the first time
if you want to carry the information
under go directly move around you can
just come here and put the phone here
and director grab the information
student and towel to this mobile phone
and grab it on the go to keeping typing
away
so English waste the internet channel
not only for benefit the whole star
screen but also benefit a lot for the
next generation windows UI super like
the windows windows spoon and xbox even
the whole device product so through that
way i will say thank you for looking to
my demos and enjoy it is my talk so
hopefully you can also look for to get
more contents through the URL through
the tech fest and founding the
interactive taos here and also built in
my personal page my name is Jericho
thank you very much